---
title: Physicians Challenged to Victory Beyond Competition!
date: 2018-05-29 18:31:31 +0000
permalink: physicians-challenged-to-victory-beyond-competition
image: "/uploads/ESPN_1214_preview.jpeg"
tags: []

---
**The 2018 Chapel at the AMSSM annual meeting in Kissimmee, FL was a large success. Primary care sports medicine physicians in attendance were challenged to strive for victory beyond competition as they serve the athletes and teams they work with. Six time Emmy award winning ESPN producer, Lisa Fenn was the featured speaker. She shared how one of the stories she produced challenged and grew her faith like no other. Watch the** [**ESPN feature**](http://www.espn.com/espn/otl/story/_/id/9454322/why-stayed) **to hear the story these physicians heard of faith gaining victory beyond competition.**

**Her feature and resulting memoir, entitled _Carry On: A Story of Resilience, Redemption, and an Unlikely Family_ (Harper Collins), is a touching tale of an unlikely family forged through barriers of race, class, and disability. It serves as an example of how racial and socioeconomic unity are possible when the love of Christ leads the effort. A powerful memoir about grit, love, hope, and faith—and the courage to carry on, even in the most extraordinary circumstances.**

**Lisa Fenn was raised in Cleveland, Ohio and graduated from Cornell University. There she earned her communications degree and went on to work as a feature producer at ESPN for thirteen years. Her work at ESPN earned six Emmy Awards and three Edward R. Murrow awards for excellence in journalism. While at Cornell, Lisa was discipled by an Athletes in Action staff member and played on an AIA softball mission team to Russia and the Czech Republic. Later, she would serve with AIA in Australia for a semester. Lisa’s husband, Navid Mahooti, M.D., MPh, practices sports medicine in the Boston area and regularly attends this annual chapel.**

**Lisa always desired a career that would provide her with an outlet to serve God and care for those people who needed it most. When she accepted a position producing human-interest features for ESPN, she often wondered how the heart of God would extend to sports media work. Her’s is a wonderful story of resilience and redemption that mirrors the idea of finding Victory Beyond Competition in sport and life.**