---
title: Building Credibility and Trust!
date: 2018-06-22 14:21:09 +0000
permalink: news/2018/06/building-credibility-and-trust
image: "/uploads/International-Partnership-768x510.jpg"

---
**AIA’s Sports Performance Tour to Honduras was cancelled, then resurrected. In the end staff and volunteers from three countries impacted over 250 people for Christ, teaching at the Autonomous University of Honduras and the Honduran Olympic Committee.**

Credibility is developed by sharing time and investing in others’ lives. Giving those you partner with the opportunity to showcase the talents God has given them builds both their trust in you and their credibility with others. Three sports performance professionals from the United States and Canada recently returned from a week in Honduras where they partnered with Athletes in Action Honduras staff and volunteers to share their faith while educating over 250 students and coaches. Their goal was to be a catalyst for AIA Honduras, hoping to open doors for ministry. 

However, the trip almost never happened. It was cancelled just a few weeks before the trip due to several issues. Then, God made it clear to the organizers that He wanted this effort to happen and within a few days, a new speaker was found, a passport acquired and funding raised! The team flew to Honduras and joined seven staff and volunteers there to see where God would have them serve. 

Clinics and conferences were held with the National Autonomous University of Honduras and the Honduran Olympic Committee. They were balanced with speakers from all three countries. This multinational approach helped to build credibility for AIA Honduras staff and volunteers who are seeking to build a sport ministry in their country. 258 Students and coaches attended the lectures on Injury Prevention, Psychology, Nutrition, High Performance Training and Fitness. 76 Athletes were evaluated by professionals in sports medicine and strength & conditioning to help them with injuries and general training recommendations. 

Marco J., AIA Honduras National Director said, “These conferences and workshops, which are a technical and academic contribution, allow us to serve students and use the platform of sports to connect them with the Lord Jesus.” Students and coaches heard the testimonies of Christ’s love from experts from the US and Canada but also from their own country. This message given in the context of receiving quality educational information has opened many doors to share the love of God in Honduras. Daniela, a physical education student gave the following feedback, “Excellent! Thanks for sharing knowledge and at the same time influence to us in being better and remember that with God everything is even better.” 

This year’s partnership between AIA Canada, AIA USA, and AIA Honduras has resulted in the university and the Olympic Committee opening doors for AIA staff and volunteers to minister to athletes through a chaplaincy program in Honduras. The long-term goals include providing chaplains for high level sports teams in Honduras. Building upon the efforts of previous AIA Sports Performance teams to Honduras while adding the involvement of the Honduran speakers and clinicians has given AIA Honduras a greater credibility and trust within their own country. Join us in prayer that God uses this to touch many lives as these same professionals seek to use their platform through the AIA Honduras chaplaincy program